Docs 6247 visualizer get started ia revamp (#47)
mulesoft/docs-visualizer: modules/ROOT/pages/standalone-mule-setup.adoc

= Standalone Mule Setup
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

== Verify Supported Standalone Mule Versions

Anypoint Visualizer supports the following Mule versions for standalone Mule deployments:

* Mule 3.8.7
* Mule 3.9.1+
* Mule 4.1.x
* Mule 4.2.x

== Install Agent

To support Anypoint Visualizer for standalone Mule deployments, install the xref:monitoring::am-install.adoc[Anypoint Monitoring agent].
Anypoint Visualizer also requires an additional header injection for standalone Mule deployments.
However, due to a potential performance impact for Mule 4, header injection is disabled by default. 

== Enable Header Injection

> For a standalone Mule deployment, you must enable the header injection at the server (not app) level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a standalone Mule deployment, you must enable header injection at the server (not app) level.
```

This affects all applications running on the server.

> . To enable the header injections for apps deployed to a standalone Mule, click *Server* in the menu on the left of *Runtime Manager*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To enable header injection for apps deployed to a standalone Mule instance, click *Server* in the menu on the left of *Runtime Manager*.
```

> . Select the server for which to enable the header injection, and click *Manage Server*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the server for which to enable header injection and click *Manage Server*.
```

> . Click the Properties tab, and set the following property in the server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the Properties tab and set the following property in the server:
```

> `anypoint.platform.config.analytics.agent.header_injection.disabled=false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`anypoint.platform.config.analytics.agent.header_injection.disabled=false`
```

> You must set the property to `false` as shown in the example to enable header injection, since the property is disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must set the property to `false`, as shown in the example to enable header injection, because the property is disabled by default.
```

> === Manage Performance and Data Collection

Reviewer: ditto prev. edit to same text earlier in set

> The agent that Anypoint Visualizer uses to collect metadata may have a performance impact.

Author: ```suggestion
The agent that Anypoint Visualizer uses to collect metadata sometimes has a performance impact.
```

> For more information on data collection and performance, see xref:visualizer::technical.adoc[Manage Performance and Data Collection].

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about data collection and performance, see xref:visualizer::technical.adoc[Manage Performance and Data Collection].
```
